Human-readable encoding 2: cleanups and syntax changes (#158)
BlockstreamResearch/rust-simplicity: src/human_encoding/README.md

* one of the core combinators `unit`, `iden`, `comp`, `injl`, `injr`, `case`, `take`, `drop`, `pair`, followed by subexpression(s) as needed;
* the `disconnect` combinator followed by an expression and a hole;
* the `witness` combinator which currently allows no subexpressions;

> * the assertions, `assertl` or `assertr`, which take a subexpressions and a CMR. The CMR is encoded as a full expression prefixed by `#{` and suffixed by `}`; but in the bit-encoding the expression does not appear, only its CMR;

Reviewer: 64c6ea43a69054a1af61ccaf325f18586ec69cf1: Typo, and the definition of CMR was extended. I would leave out the latter part because it is already explained in an earlier section. 
```suggestion
the assertions, `assertl` or `assertr`, which take a subexpression and a CMR;
```
